CS230 Operating Platforms

My client, The Gaming Room, wanted to expand their Android-only app to be a cross-platform web-based application.  The game, Draw It or Lose It, would allow multiple users across multiple platforms, even multiple games running symultaneously.  In my documentation, I included an appropriate amount of detail concerning what developments would be made in the process of upgrading this game across platforms.  What I like about using a design document is having a visual aid that acts as an outline for what direction the project is headed at any given time, and it also helps to prioritize tasks.  Honestly, for my first time, I feel that I've created a very thorough document for this project and I don't see any area that I would want to make changes to.  To ensure that I am developing a product that is exactly what the end user is looking for, I try to place myself in the user's shoes.  My client made the request, and I have to visualize myself as the user of this request in order to properly apply what is needed to the already existing game.  I needed to keep all the existing functionality, all the while making it accessible across multiple platforms with multiple instances of the game running in memory at once.  My approach to designing this software was to keep my focus on prioritizing any newly added functions, testing and repeating one thing at a time before moving on to the next.  In the future, I would definintely utilize design documents, UML's, and even pseudocode as these things all have their place in the development process.  I've always been a plan-driven person, and these tools make for a great start into the planning of any project. 
